#ECE361 Computer Networks - Lab 2: Text Conferencing Lab
#Section 2: This text file explains the additional functionality we implemented, which is unique to our program.

#Louis Chen         1000303502
#Chia-Hang Chang    1000611260

We enabled any client currently in an active session to be able to invite other clients; the invited clients do not have 
to be in an active session, but they only need to be logged in. We achieved this by adding a few more packet types, as 
well as a few more commands to be recognized by the client and server. When a client first makes an invite request, it 
sends an INVITE packet to the server, and the server will send an INVITE_NOTIFY packet to the invited client (it was able 
to determine the invited client from the INVITE packet's data). The invited packet will then be able to type "/accept" or 
"reject", which triggers a corresponding INVITE_ACCEPT or INVITE_REFUSE packet to be sent back to the server. The server, 
upon receiving the invited client's response, will then send a corresponding INVITE_ACK or INVITE_NAK to the original 
inviting client. 

Note that this invite functionality could be much more easily implemented if the inviting client directly sends a packet 
to the invited client. However, the multicast functionality requested in Section 1 of the lab could also have been better 
implemented via a peer-to-peer architecture, but the lab specifically asked us to implement a client-server architecture. 
Therefore, we assumedthat we had to maintain the client-server architecture for Section 2, thus sending all packets to the 
server first. 

Here are some of the corner cases we tested, as well as the corresponding response in our program:
1. Invited client is invalid (not a recognized client): server will send an INVITE_NAK packet to the client, explaining 
that the client is invalid
2. Invited client is not yet logged in: server will send an INVITE_NAK packet to the client, saying that the client is 
not yet logged in
3. Client invites itself: server will send an INVITE_NAK packet to the client, explaining that the client cannot invite 
a client in the same session
